[Music]
man
25 times I promise it's
25 times from yesterday until today
of course how I'm doing look at my desktop it's a
very crazy thing okay my desktop I don't know
if I have porn something right now here I don't
have the works I don't have the works of
I'm making the videos of you have the
pse or not and I'm collecting images for
this news of images I recorded
a video of the aurum play thing from
instagram that I achieved this afternoon I make
the thumbnails with the images and I have
the success of top it and from time to time
something like that was deleted this delete I placed myself
hey javi there will be no more live shows on
youtube
from the main channel when they are
interviews and things maybe it depends
on the topic depending on the topic I
was thinking of inviting Giovanna to
talk about a topic that we have pending to
talk about then I'm going to bring it to
tweets that one I went to youtube to the
main channel depending on the topic whatever it
wants to stay upload the
main channel imagine a
youtube interview I won't do it on the main channel
an immediate interview a
gameplay interview that I have pending one
talk to her
[Music]
the area the main then from there it
will be direct
free time it is clear exactly exactly
look there you have the proof
that the main channel is touched
interview with frank cuesta we had
3500 viewers at most I think it's
not bad okay it seems like it's normal
for the main channel to have 3500
viewers with francs are invited
that it hasn't gone bad the video has 80 90
thousand visits
but intel is to the pse or we have every
day we had a peak of 7000
yesterday we had a peak of 9,500
viewers
well in total this video is that they
compiled the best bain of this
kid of this kid who appears today in today's
topic no well 25 times I have
deleted them what has happened well
what has happened is that the allies like
this kid who is on screen are
messing with frank cuesta for having
invited us okay then I should
search and have here prepared the
kid's tweet well the same yes but
nothing happens because surely but I have here in the
history
surely it is not here in the history
[Music]
[ __ ]
nothing's happening I have it I have it in my email
because this was sent to me by email I'm
sick of truths
in
fact it is
I'm sick of this it's people it doesn't
matter in the case that this guy
maybe corrals would have it is so
interesting to have the clear to illustrate
but well if you can send it to me there is
less send and okay
the thing is that this kid is a ball
kid is like 40 forty something
years old almost 50 he has spent his whole life
trying to succeed in the networks in this
from YouTube what we all are
and he has never succeeded I do
n't know if he lives from this or not
but let's succeed they are succeeding us
what is true is that based on
being 'the already after he has been achieving
you can collaborate with one with another and I don't
know if they work on a program or collaborate
or something it's not fair but the thing is that
this kid has spent his whole life
trying to succeed he hasn't succeeded
and lately in the last 34 years
well he has jumped on the bandwagon of being an ally that being an ally well
being extremely
moralistic and pointing out  to everyone else
because they have a label that you
like vote for box because right now I'm going to
put the click of frank cuesta
directly okay the other day
you spell corrals the other day
stylized corrals criticized frank
cuesta
quoting his tweet in which he announced
the participants of his
project no that I'm the donkey in
front of course you HIV Rosa
Gallardo the uncle south
if you can send me the tweet please
can you send me the tweet please to
chavalería info if I want to watch the
tri because the guy said something like
[ __ ] it's that all those who are there
monetize hate and live by harassing
women god how the [ __ ] do you put that [ __ ]
nonsense
now thank you
very much queen thank you very much my heart
thank you very much to those who are
sending me the statistics of teles to the
ceo and compared with the rest of the channels
yes I know that there is no rival to have salt you
can send emails to you for false
corrals in fact I think we are missing they
have chavalería info come on I'm going to
look for it
the move is what
[Music]  that
time is tweets overcome co
as always
always puts your survival
that everything that is not progressive
what macho wright
the macho king who has not notified
and I who have your son's study
I look like a grandfather here who puts look
here because I've seen the pretty ones
but there it does not appear to me next to it it is supposed to
appear there it has
not been king what it has been then
and I can't find the [ __ ] tweet I
find have you
put me in the group
seriously
in this tweet I already have it I already have it
another one already has it
this type of supposed have retweeted
Alía's little group since always okay
today is the day
hello javi I wanted to know your opinion on
Tamayo
da Mayor has
this morning he is the one who does the
sect ceases
the one from the sixth the one who gets involved the one who is not
that
in my opinion I have not seen much of the
little that I have seen what I have seen was some
[ __ ] that he put defending something and
I think it was that it
was something I don't remember what it
was but I remember that I don't know why
but no I don't
know anything about him what I say
Tamayo said it himself but what was the one he
said to defend them
look here we have the tweet of the problem
now all you need is a Nazi from Desocupa
now all you need is a Nazi man
look at the level that this scoundrel is putting us
and says I don't care who
participates the most he has taken the worst of
youtube people who harass and attack
women to get views and make money
I don't care where that money goes it is
money full of [ __ ] what a
scoundrel I don't understand and of course
what is it they always have like the
progressives to see at night when someone
is so extremely progressive
and says that it is not reportable that [ __ ] there are
several
like that thank you very much a long time ago there are
several and it doesn't sound to me that I have disrespected him I
never heard of this kid saying
that he says [ __ ] look I had it man man I
had the thread here I have been
having the ivaj and all [ __ ]
day
all [ __ ] night I have been having the
book here and I have lost 8 minutes of the
video now the one with the minutes and the one
with the fillers will come and say it starts at
8 how disgusting every time his videos are
more [ __ ] [ __ ] and with all the [ __ ] reason
and with all the [ __ ] reason I don't know if I should
read the thread
with how much I liked his program for a
while now you can see his true colors like
specifically a shame the same has happened to me
with and that jimenez the
same has happened to me with ingested subscribed
everywhere I already know mora I
love you very much look at iker with how
good he is and that he was doing his
job
with how good he is and what but how we have to
collaborate with clothes and with HIV yes I
despise fascists the
sexists the homophobes and the
racists I
despise harassers those who
ask for a woman to be attacked on the
street that escapes in her face
men and that at that rate Roma okay there
are branches he went too far and I'm not going to defend him
in what he did he completely went too far he
could have defended himself with much more
class and not fall for that okay but
come on even if Romano had that
scene the simple fact of being
right-wing and criticizing
today's progressivism  day the powers this power half
total this is the one of the pigtails and of irene
montero and of the one who defends that there is a
ministry of equality and those things no
but the guy loses everything okay who
asks him hello I am a lesbian trans woman
moderator of the itv channel and I
participated in a debate on the
roma channel can you tell me in homophobic
or sexist cafes and if he shares a thread
and shares a thread about a long neck
okay they share a thread about a
long neck a guy who says
that all the youtubers who are
right-wing monetize hate
because they criticize irene montero and those
things and it would be crazy because what is worth
talking about a long neck now and I would
throw the video because cool and long
always brings me okay we
would be the ones to oppose applying the
chemicals and long but the fact of
sharing a thread about a long neck is
that maybe correa gave him and in what he
says you have asked me is reportable let's
see they are not called several that's how it is if
you look on my secondary channel there are already
several of this type of things do not
get in there and tell me people who harass and
attack women for having views and  take
money [ __ ] money and all the things he
says I mean I don't know assets I think
more than one of those on this
list that he has shared the
screenshot because I also think the
screenshot I don't know if the screenshot is seen to be
in miniature and can be enlarged or has been
consciously cropped these four
these three names I do
n't know if he consciously cropped these
three names or the screenshot is
wide okay
but I never disrespected him
beyond saying that he is a failure because that is what he is I mean
literally a
person who tries to be successful on
various social networks with his humor
or as a presenter like comedians like
youtuber because he has tried everything in
tweets and fails he is a failure
and the guy has been making my cross since
once I said that I put one in a
video because they invited him to the
rugby tournament in a way that would invite him wouldn't he
have a friend who would put him in okay
and the good guy gave me one this and the wing
michu and he telmo is the real mother telmo
telmo is for game over I mean this one doesn't
deserve it but he telmo I already said it one day
he has it is for game  over
and let it be known what he does how he does it how he
uses what he does it's
incredible because if he goes and brags that
the brands know it, the guy has to have
balls to brag I had
the brands call you after what you're
sharing your story of this great
how do the brands get it, no, incredible
the topic is for ginobili and he stops the
pass that he's not waiting for the moment when it
's relevant to do it,
okay, but this guy what do all the allies have in common what do they have in
common
tell me in the
chat what do they usually have in
common the allies
that they point out the mistakes of others
when someone skates and that they save
the skates of others when
someone goes too far
apart from getting into lara that they all have
these all if what you mention
about that project
and well basically
death so that it doesn't bite me no
this is a compilation of
literal masters puts you on youtube and put
best by best or rather those that are
most successful it's best bytes of those
corrals that surely you don't
know them why not he doesn't
know who this guy is well
literally I nothing  more than I see him
coming out with the cheto and the other I don't think so no it
surprises me much it surprises me
a lot that this guy with the piece of
humor that he has made and with let's go that you
go string of re and now with the
literal compilation no the manipulators are the ones who
are inside the code about what I have
cut they are not going to see it in its entirety
better bytes from those corrals and
check them if he puts you in they are going to come out
of these vouchers look at them
[Music]
the fat girl says she has tits
hahahaha
a fat line and she thinks she has
tits yeah terribly cruel ha ha ha ha ha
but they told me that she is going to work on the
hobbit I didn't believe it because I don't know how to
read my parents are cousins
[Music] I would
n't call it capacitive in it I would
call it in it and it's
very good very
good bilbo even bill voss
[ __ ] I'm
going to
play
and exploitation of women
exploitation I'm laughing my ass off I'm laughing
so good dubbing man I don't understand why it has
n't succeeded I don't understand why  It
's not because I'm fed up with a play this this man I don't understand it's that we're fed up I don't understand why people like you succeed, you made me rosa gallardo and not the real one, I think that the ones who succeed are people like ropa gallardo youtube h because we live in a sexist society we
live in a sexist society that's why
people like that are allies and they don't succeed since
I became a
more respectful person who understands
people get rid of them fat
jajaja
[ __ ] it's funny because he says he's a
good person but it's true and you can get
rid of yourself because
jajaja
how good how good
what a good taco now I'm a
demanding bachelor because the last girl
I met on the internet had a piece of
little
and transphobia no I don't think so
[Laughs]
and you know what's the worst thing for me what's the worst thing is
that I'm not criticizing them
the clichés I'm not criticizing them the
clichés
I think that anyone who anyone
surely 54 67 years ago would have this
type of comment if we weren't
a late camera on top anyone
because before we had a different mentality
because before we didn't  we realized how
stupid we were talking because
before we weren't as sensitive to what's best
as now, society was different
but of course from there to you now going around
with the inquisitor's finger
pointing like a Nazi
here is against the nonsense he
says and as a hunter you
understand me and you go around with your finger
pointing at others' mistakes and
how many have gone over the top when you
have tried to succeed in the terminals I
quote because you have no thanks the truth
point
the little that he has he has it making you the
exit point worth like the [ __ ] they
unleash everyone everyone everyone that
anyone to us they will surely
find me a video saying I'm
not going to play it because I don't know if it
can be played but I'm sure
you understand nonsense,
tremendous nonsense, sure service
but you can't go to the others that you
are the one you are the one who decides is the one who
decides what is right and
wrong and then it is xavi made this
clip of frank cuesta saying the
following to
vote for marcio socialist fear of 29
I am from the whole  [ __ ] socialist life
for all my [ __ ] life on the left,
now I'm going to vote for boxing, probably
because who the [ __ ] do I vote for? The
lying mafia members of the PP, those of
Ciudadanos to throw them at the peso
attack, sit me down so they
make me, I don't know, [ __ ] a doll who I
suppose is you to put order for
six months or a year, three years to
put some order, daughter, let me vote
for Marcio, I know I live
and it's that it's literal of all the languages
that exist in the world, Frank Cuesta
decided to speak packaged, there's
no more, there's no
more
and someone explain to me a logical reason why he's
not right, does
that mean that Frank Cuesta supports
absolutely all of Box's ideals,
no,
I've explained to him many times,
I've explained to him many times, there's not
a single party, you
have sent me the demand
that you are insisting on on
Westminster's twitter, what he has done
in the chapel, twitter
because you have enough before he
wants to protect
to the point of, I don't understand the Galician thing, what
's coming, I don't know if as a young gentleman from
Madrid  you want to offend me but very
proud the land line friend speaking
already by the way we kept a record you
can check the effect what you just
did the most dangerous that the
suspect puts in a video okay what
the cala bravo do the mouth of review
still kept a record you can
check on Facebook what you just
did the most dangerous thing he has for what he
comes I don't know if as a young gentleman from
Madrid you want to offend me but he came
proud the mini terrifies friend already by the
way a record this one you can
check the effect what you just
did more dangerous than the suspect in
a video I
don't understand I understand
yes yes I do
n't understand why take it out completely
admitting a video or leaving for a
video that a certain person has a
record without being
careful
because there are some who are already having to
face the initial phase
for saying similar things so it is
dangerous
for ass you will not have my house I have
weapons I have a weapons license and I also
have a record and I don't
want to go to jail and you are going to
force me to go jail you will not have it
can have a license  of weapons having a
criminal record
because he has aspired to Ireland and
why now and not before will he not be raising
the law because this smells
[Music]
in the case that they are signing,
reporting Ariza's letter would
not get anywhere because they
have a mutual dispute, I mean, after
what he did to him, I do
n't think you will get anywhere,
suing him and that there are some who
are facing a sentence to a previous phase
to those who have reported for saying that he
has a criminal record,
well anyway, getting back to our thing, to what is
relevant
[Music]
that Xavi analyzed this,
people insulting Frank Cuesta for
this
for saying who he is going to vote for, it
is normal that Frank says that going to
vote in box and not only because of the
Spanish situation but because being an immigrant
they know how defenseless the
Spanish government leaves you abroad, many
ambassadors are totally expendable, they
need nationalist representatives,
but look how they like apes,
Frank Cuesta,
I just found out that Frank de la
Jungla is not called Frank de la Jungla
but Frank Cuesta and that he is going to start
throwing out Box, no  It surprises me that he's from the
jungle among apes, they understand each other,
Frank Cuesta is going viral for saying
who he votes for, this says clothes Gallardo,
Spain deserves what it has in
Congress, kisses, he has
gone viral for saying who he votes for
and because they are enjoying it, I was born for
that, at
least that's how
family life is, but others
can say everything
[Music]